---
layout: post
title: '"the world"'
date: 2006-12-07 08:37:21.000000000 -08:00
type: post
published: true
status: publish
categories: []
tags: []
meta: {}
author:
  
  
  
  Ed
  
---
<p>I really want to live a comfortable life when I grow up.  There, I said it.  I know it's not what I should be wanting, at least not to the degree that I am wanting it, but more often than not, that's what I want, period.</p>
<p>One of the things that continues to hammer on my heart these days is the passage about the seeds and the soils as well as the words of our Lord "what does it profit a man to gain the world but lose his soul?"  The common theme is obvious, the pleasures and cares of the world and their position and priority in our hearts.</p>
<p>The normal reading of the "pleasure's of the world" usually bring up images like extravagant riches, beach house, nice car, yacht, gambling, loose-living, immorality, corruption, etc. right? At least for me.</p>
<p>I don't normally think of a toyota camry with peeling paint, a 1 bed 1 bath apartment, a happy marriage, maybe some cute kids, an okay job, the occasional weekend adventure ...</p>
<p>But you know, that's the pleasures of the world.  And all of them can choke my life out.  I can't believe it, but I can actually lose my soul pursuing those things.  Who would've thought being the average joe could kill you?</p>
<p>Maybe someday I will be living like that, an average joe life, and it won't be bad either.  But for now, I've got to keep my mind on other things.</p>
<p>I  suppose it's what you pursue that matters more than what you have. (hence 1 Tim 6:11-19)</p>
