---
layout: post
title: '"Isaiah"'
date: 2007-04-13 08:00:48.000000000 -07:00
type: post
published: true
status: publish
categories:
- Devotional Flavor
- poems
tags: []
meta: {}
author:
  login: edchao
  email: ed@guidebook.com
  display_name: edchao
  first_name: Ed
  last_name: Chao
---
<br />
<blockquote><p> <span>"He heard the sound of thunderstorms,<br />
it shook the bones beneath his skin<br />
and caused the ground he stood upon<br />
to quake and heave and yawn.   Within<br />
his mind he could not grasp this sight<br />
not for the smoke or blinding light<br />
but for the deeper clutching in<br />
his soul, a hand too small to grip<br />
the whole of it. He found no words<br />
but "Woe is me."  And barely heard<br />
from him: a whisper torn and ripped,<br />
"I am a man of unclean lips,"<br />
"I dwell among men of the same."<br />
His words stopped short in his own shame,<br />
for here before the living God<br />
he stood in all his sinful sod<br />
shown cleary by the radiance<br />
of royalty divine.  He pressed<br />
his face into the ground and wept<br />
for all the sins he ever kept<br />
and did not cast before His feet.<br />
At last, he stood before God's seat.</span>Yet there the roar seemed all at once<br />
to fade.  He turned his eyes still hunched<br />
upon his knees to see the tongs<br />
of heaven close and draw<br />
a coal of fire from the flame<br />
to cleanse the filth of Isaiah's shame.<br />
and there it touched and purged his lips<br />
and scorched the flesh until the skin<br />
blistered from the heat of God.<br />
But there he felt the gracious heart<br />
of Yahweh, called by angels thrice<br />
Holy.  In this precious sight<br />
Isaiah found his hope renewed<br />
to preach though judgment was the news<br />
And so within his feeble heart<br />
there stirred a flame from only sparks.<br />
And lifted up his voice again,<br />
Isaiah drew his breath and said<br />
Send me, O Lord, and I will go.<br />
and go indeed did he to sow<br />
the seeds of truth to hardened hearts<br />
until their blades tore him apart.</p>
<p>And we must join Isaiah's voice<br />
and we like him must make the choice<br />
to follow what we know our God<br />
desires for us despite the cost.<br />
Though we should preach to hardened hearts.<br />
the face of God will feed our spark."</p></blockquote>
<p>Amazed by Holiness on June 23, 2005</p>
