---
layout: post
title: Church.
date: 2009-02-23 12:37:03.000000000 -08:00
type: post
published: true
status: publish
categories: []
tags: []
meta:
  _edit_last: '165623'
author:
  login: edchao
  email: ed@guidebook.com
  display_name: edchao
  first_name: Ed
  last_name: Chao
---
<p>I've been attending this church in Redwood City called Redeeming Grace for the past few months.  It is pastored by ex-ex-crossroads shepherd Rick Carbannneau.  So far, I'm liking it.  Despite the fact that Rick is an ex-ex Crossroader, the church atmosphere is nothing like what I'm used to.  It is very community based, and the social dynamic is extremely broad.  For those who are looking for TMS in a box, you won't find it here.  The doctrinally driven will unavoidably be a bit sub-impressed.  However, after a few months, you'll begin to understand why.  RGC's mission is not to equip and educate the layperson so much as push them forward into community-driven outreach.  Despite the fact that you may not feel challenged theologically, you will feel challenged socially.  There is no sitting in dark rooms pondering theological quandaries here.  Which I suppose is good for the cerebral type of person.  My only real hesitation is in full embracing their "Missional" label.  I think it could be better called "The Christian Responbility of Evangelism," instead of mixing it up with the office of missionary, which involves crossing language/cultural barriers to plant the gospel seed in the midst of unreached ethno-lingustic people groups.  And also, I do still desire for there to be a clear teaching of the place of the Church in relation to Israel and the promises of the OT, rather than expositional shortcuts  to Church application.</p>
<p>Anyways.</p>
<p>I've recently begun to entertain the thought of serving in youth ministry at RGC.  I think, all the great experiences I had in college are finally itching to see the light of day again.  And I guess I've always wanted to help set kids straight too. those rascals.</p>
