---
layout: post
title: newness
date: 2010-05-24 10:33:37.000000000 -07:00
type: post
published: true
status: publish
categories:
- fresh
tags: []
meta:
  _edit_last: '165623'
author:
  
  
  
  Ed
  
---
<p>I've been thinking. that lots of my life is changing.  friends are moving on, friends are getting married, friends are disappearing, new friends are appearing.  And even though I love seeing familiar faces and places, I'm starting to appreciate seeing new things too.</p>
<p>Dating Shau-ru has been a wonderful adventure for me too.  She's very different than the kind of people I'm used to, but at the same time wonderful,beautiful, and touchingly transparent in her walk with the Lord.  She doesn't read my blogs so it's okay if I talk about her :)  I'm used to girls who have it all together, or mostly together, who make you feel scared to ask, because you don't think the answers will be real, or even worse, because they might make you feel really really lame.  Shau-ru isn't like that.  she's kind, sensitive, and walks besides you when you're down, and not in any sort of chiding way.  I like that. The other day I was doing junior high ministry and they had a white board with the qualities of a proverbs 31 woman written on it (from the week before), it was for kids so it was dumbed down a little bit but when I read down the list, I thought, hey! that sounds like someone I know!</p>
<ol>
<li>she is worth more than rubies</li>
<li>she brings good all the days of her life</li>
<li>she works with eager hands</li>
<li>she brings and provides food for her family</li>
<li>she gets up while it is dark</li>
<li>she earns a living and spends well</li>
<li>she makes good plans and works hard</li>
<li>she dresses her family appropriately</li>
<li>she is kind and generous to the poor</li>
<li>she makes her home comfortable</li>
<li>she is beautiful both inside and outside</li>
<li>she speaks with wisdom</li>
<li>she has a great sense of humor</li>
<li>she fears the Lord</li>
<li>she is blessed and praised by her family</li>
</ol>
<p>I don't know how things will turn out, but I'm okay with the newness of my situation.  His mercies are new every morning.</p>
